ah
hello that as they are I am but
thank you very much for watching a new video of
see today in today's video I'm going to
show how to make a quick easy and
above all very economical holder of
glasses of wine with cork if you heard
OK with corks if you like the
he came and he collects the corks
perfect you do not have to get your
corks but if you do not take tino or not
you know where to get the corks you can
go to restaurants or places where
They sell wine they usually throw us but
they can not
because I much of the corks that I have
they gave it to me where I buy wines
so we're going to start with this day
cool for you to do this
Beautiful pretty holder for glasses
came a cork
no good use
need so that our piece
of wood measures almost all feet long
for one wide corks
hot glue
and a glue of those that have everything and
that never take off the hammer and
hooks to hang in our 4
this piece of wood that I am
using what I found in condo and
until painted and everything if everything
find more and buy a piece of
wood and sand it with a sandpaper that does not
be very strong 12 20 I think it would be
well and finally varnish it and leave it
dry for a few hours
the first thing we are going to do is wash
these little hooks from the back of
our wood and we do not want it very much in
shore so that it will not crack
our wood here I just left you a
small space and here I am but I'm going to
nail now we stop the center of
our hooks and with a hammer
we stick
ah
now if we turn our
table
and now let's put our bags
here in the middle with our corks
i
and is that only cut a cork in half
and I put it here
Y
all right
and here I already have my word yes no
has not arrived yet because I want
make sure that my word is right in
the center not if you want you can help
with a rule but I only have help
with my fingers and four fingers here in
four fingers here now and I do not have like
I want now if we are going to paste it
Y
i
now that we have our word
wine and everything now we are going to
look for four pairs of corks that are
almost almost the same size and here you
I left two fingers on the shore
making sure it's like four
inches and four inches here and four
inches here because this is where we're going
to put our glasses and now I am going to
stick with the other glue
ah
and admire easy and beautiful to see
our wine rock holder already
you know if you like this video give
finger up and share with your friends
we are in a semanita must care
a lot and thank you very much for the support
kissing channel
10 beauty secrets with oil
coconut
1 2 3 1 2 3
wine glasses holder with bedspreads
so we're going to start now
so we 're going to start with this day
so you can see as we do
so you can see how not
so we're going to start with this day
same so that you get to do this
pretty nice pretty nice
so let's start with this day
to 10
so we 're going to start with this day
same